Don't send 'authorization' header if no JWT (#247)
graphile/graphile.github.io: src/pages/postgraphile/security.md

  // get the authentication token from wherever you store it
  const token = getJWTToken();
  // return the headers to the context so httpLink can read them

>   if (token) {
>     return {
>       headers: {
>         ...headers,
>         authorization: `Bearer ${token}`,
>       },
>     }
>   }

Reviewer: With the change below, we don't need this.

```suggestion
```

  return {
    headers: {
      ...headers,

>       // if no jwt, we don't want to pass the auth header at all

Reviewer: I'd rather solve this inline than adding a separate headers object above. We can do it like this, I think:

```suggestion
      // Only pass the authorization header if we have a JWT
      ...(token ? { authorization: `Bearer ${token}` } : null),
```
